So everything between us is fake, you never really truly...
What's your Harry bastard? You haven't asked what's really on your mind.
What? He wants to know if I ever truly like to.
Don't try and drive a wedge between us, Lino. You could stop the ritual right now. We could still make it happen.
So did you truly like her?
Livia, now is not the time.
You said that you searched for me for a thousand years. Why then were you with her?
It's not what it looks like, okay?
Look, I admit that I was frustrated about being a bastard and I wanted to compete with that in.
But I would never intentionally use anyone.
I don't understand how resentment leads to blind relationships.
The allure of power, Livia.
This man will never put love before his own selfish desires.
That's rich coming from you.
I approached you for your royal status. Leaving you was because I found out you had none.
Love was never part of the equation.